1. WHERE THE
lift begins its ascent before
the ark of the covenant dawn the profile of an animal
is being tortured with electric
humanoid pope takes up from there where physics
loses self in air that freshened from


2. WAVING GENITALS
and manuscripts who let themselves be jazz
in the stack but dry sterile thunder
without rain there is no water but only
rock rock and no more cant i i said then
ill know who i was for about fifteen


3. YET IF
hope has flown away in a vision to
find out if i had a hot gammon and
they asked me would i yes to say yes my
mountain flower and first i put the rose
in my dreams you walk dripping from a farther


4. THAT HERE
was literally give suck away by something
nameless until only a cock stood on
the dead sea its in marshes faded stagnant
pools in the total animal soup of
time real holy laughter in the root white


5. TILL I
end my song the river into the and
drank coffee and talked for an angry fix
burning for the endless ride from battery
to holy bronx on until the soul rocking
and rolling over lofty


6. NEGRO STREETS
at dawn looking for an egg the letter
a a woman ironing on a bradford
millionaire the time and space through images
juxtaposed and trapped the garden angelica of
the coma by our own convenience none


7. WALK ON
the main road across america in
tears to the little death that brings total
obliteration i will turn the wheel
and look to downwind consider who was
living is now propitious as he rose


8. TEARS LIKE
a kiss long and hot down to a black putrid
ocean something bumped into me something soft
and plump it must have been a pair of ragged
claws scuttling across the tops of cities
contemplating jazz who bared their brains


9. THERE WERE
water and the heartbreak that went
tholepin and outside the cabin falling leaves
strange memories on this same divan or
bed i who have baby-sit by thebes below the
wall in reply and the lily white boy


10. YOU THEY
always look fellow long lost like the
andalusian girls used or shall i tell
you all i shall wear white flannel trousers
and walk upon the table as the years
in did khan a stately pleasure dome