46. YOU TILL
the furthest star darkly they are there behind
this light darkness shining in the army
four years he wants a good time and who therefore
ran through the ghoul guarded gateways of slumber
past the wan of night i have stumbled by
cave ridden batch that rise barren and
bleak from the fountain and the world

43. YOU MEET
there will be nothing only i cant bear
to look at you and time yet for a particular
form is but a bit smart hell want to show
us their teeth their perfect bodies their perfect
teeth their grin and admiration is all
one immense awakened thing i call it the
golden eternity it is an aching

42. LYING DOWN
by the philanthropic spider or under
seals broken by the air then too then too
the pathologic truly bite whereas the healthy
then too then too still american tv
is full of steam outside and the vibrating
plane who dream and made incarnate gaps in
time sometimes at night the fire sermon

41. THE VOICES
dying with a compact cushion and they
had to clear them away with digger and
rakes so that an almost mystical unity
is achieved with a pocket full of smiles
and admiration is all they want us
to think about and this and this only
we have all enacted on this planet

40. KNOWN HOW
the book it is perfect we were doing
was right that we hoped to change because it
was a very special time and now you
see the blue pop so in usa
when the human mind to correlate all
its contents we live on a million times
the fool i said to her many moods whispering

39. MAKE OUR
visit in the door what is the opening
the stratagem a pawn moving forward an
inch this is the very good and the eyes
and back to denver who came back to denver
who died in denver who died in denver
who died in denver and finally went
away to something maybe god or devil

*38. VIOLATED IN
those epochs uncounted when i got to
the starry dynamo in the mind clusters
and configuration of data like city
lights receding along the floor and down
by the side of you what is that sound high
in the root white face of a million years
ago and the dead april is the thing

37. NO WATER
but only rock rock and no water who
is the month breeding lilacs out of road
the river flips and gone down the infinite
aeon come beating the wings of gloom through
the stale beer good afternoon in desolate
listening to the door swings dry bones can harm
no one only a void was left the fillmore

*36. GROVE WHERE
the glass held up by criterion wrought with vines
from which a minute will reverse for i
speak not tacky or long but at my back in
a sunbeam the sky like a gulp of wine
late in the chambers of the human mind
to correlate all its substance we live
on a sheet of pure air impossible

34. WORLD FOR
her brow snow drifts from mountains which are mountains
of rock without water if there were gardens
bright with sinuate where blossomed many an
incense bearing tree and here the narrator
devotes a long dead relative like an
infectious disease from city to heaven
and on her back o look in your head

*32. LIFE SOARING
high high splendiferous aflame crowned high in
the cupboard the desert consumes what it
never can cheer i was a miracle
of rare device a cheery pleasure dome
with caves of ice and all the wild eyes the
holy cry they bade farewell they jumped off
the roof to cast their vote for eternity

27. ATHENS ALEXANDRIA
capital of austria london unreal a woman
but who is that on the marble where the
shadows lengthen in the evening is spread
out against the sky a hat on a placid
island of ignorance in the thick of
black seas of infinity and it makes
you shudder my feet after the event

23. LEAGUES OVER
all the desert sighs in the land of the
loom who ecstatic and with a compact
shock absorber and they had to clear them away
with shovels and rakes so that the eye may
never behold and having in their lungs
during the summer and their heads every
day for the coffin through the skies but stranger

22. BONES CAST
in a flash of lightning then a damp blast
bringing rain was sunken and the sandy
road the river they saw it was an old
dream like a piece of mental furniture
a chickenhearted paper rose twisted on a
winter high noon mr the smyrna merchant
unshaven with a motion through wood

21. OF ATLANTIC
and caribbean sea love who balled
occult darkness of cold water
flats floating across the water white and
gold the river jumps over the rocks as
he rose and fell exhausted in a flash
of the stability of the high of
the pacific exceeding eight grand