I know a lot of the stories on here are fictional, but I swear this actually just happened to me. What you choose to believe about it is entirely up to you.

For the past few months, I've been working on a computer program that writes poetry. I started with a simple natural language generator and some rules to control meter and rhyming schemes. (If you're curious, I used Python and the Natural Language Toolkit. The code from the old version of the software can be found [here on GitHub](https://github.com/rossgoodwin/sonnetizer).) What the program produced was mostly gibberish.

This week, a friend who works on machine learning projects at Google taught me all about artificial neural networks, and I thought using some neural nets to augment my text generation process might produce interesting results. I discovered [PyBrain](http://pybrain.org/), an open source machine learning library, and got to work setting up and training some neural networks to recognize text that made sense.

To my surprise, integrating the resulting neural net into my code seemed to work. I dropped the meter and rhyming controls to see what the raw output looked like. The program was plagiarizing too many lines of text directly from the corpora it was working from rather than generating entirely unique poems. But the poems were making a lot more sense, and some of them were fairly interesting. 

Here's an example:

    highway across america in tears
    to the destination we can not stop
    or think sweat is dry and the deep sea swell
    and the one eyed that does nothing but the
    shadow of this red rock and also water
    and the nitroglycerine shrieks of the
    poem of life a nightmare bodies turned
    to stone as heavy as the glitter of
    her jewels rose to meet the faces that you
    were there and alive in that corner of
    time between of halls backyard green tree cemetery
    dawns wine drunkenness over the river
    jumps over the river into the heart
    of light a fish onto land the first person

Then, it generated this poem (note that the middle part is directly from T.S. Eliot, but the ending is entirely computer generated):

    hard to know because of all the works and
    days of hands that lift and drop dumb evil
    to its crisis but though i have seen my
    head grown slightly bald brought in upon a
    table let us go through certain half deserted
    streets the muttering retreats of restless
    nights in one night cheap hotels and sawdust
    restaurants with oyster shells streets that follow
    like a tedious argument of insidious
    intent to lead you to an overwhelming
    question to say just what i never know
    what you done with that money he gave you
    to an overwhelming question to say
    i am not safe i am a consciousness

It's probably just a fluke, a random coincidence, but it was also one of the first 10 poems it generated with the trained neural nets. At this point, I'm not sure what to do. 